

This is an experience that should not be missed. Well cared for horses lovely beach easy going guide. We stopped the horses on a secluded beach and removed the saddles. We then rode bareback walking the horses into the ocean until they were swimming before returning to shore. Lovely.

The horses are well cared for and well behaved. Our group had both experienced and inexperienced riders and everyone had fun. I got to canter on the beach even though the rest of the group didn't want to. We would definitely go with them again.
I had the most wonderful time riding with Pampered Ponies : reconciling my 2 passions : the sea and horses. bareback swimming is a unique experience ! loved it !
We have horses at home and wanted to ride on a beach. The horses were well cared for unlike in st. Lucia. The guide was nice..took pictures and told us about the island. There's lots of beach to run and play on. The horses were safe and well trained. Lori was very nice and you can tell she cares.



The guide and ride was great. Communication was not the best. They use public transportation and didn't make then clear to use (how are we supposed to know what bus to get on). Make sure that they make it very clear to you.




I enjoyed my private beach ride along the beach with Paul. Horses were well behaved and I felt totally safe. Would recommend.
Definitely worth it! Was one of the best experiences I've had on the Island. If I could I would do it every day!! The horses are very easy to handle and overall it was a lovely experience!


This was the best Swimming with the horse we have ever done and we have done many. We went for a ride December 24 with my 3 teenage kids and my 9 year old Paul was our guide. Paul is amazing  a great guide very nice knowledgeable and attentive! I would absolutely recommend this place !





We didn't have time to stay and swim with the Dolphins but we were allowed to watch the others do that. It was definitely worth the stop and walk through the gift shop. Food was available as well.
It was very fun and safe. My daughter loved it! It went by so quickly we were having so much fun. Awesome
Dolphin experience was great. The way they have you buy pictures is hi-way robbery they should wear masks it would make the experience more realistic( the robbers not the .....)



We just spent a short time at the Dolphin Discover Center and did not go swimming with the dolphins. However there are viewing areas where the dolphins could be seen.





Great for "old folks" AND kids. This cruise was for wife's 70th B'Day and this excursion was a highlight. Dolphin Encounter and Sting Ray Envounter both exceeded expectations. Awsome!
Capi and his trainer were great and the kids were so excited to kiss hug and ride the dolphins. the look on their faces was priceless

Best shore excursions! The staff made it very personalized patience with kids and handicap people! Thumbs up! I would recommend to everyone!
This is a great experience. One of the highlights of the vacation. Photos they take are really good albeit expensive.
A small group from our cruise ship went here; took turns having the dolphin Nemo pushing us on a boogy board holding fins and letting each one hold on and belly swim. Then we got to hold and kiss him and he kissed our cheeks. The photos they took were pricey but I did buy.


This was my second visit to Grand Cayman and my second visit to the USS Kittiwake! Love the accessibility huge entrys and exits and the history!
Plenty of cutouts/swing through so specifically made for divers to explore ship. Very easy to get to and plenty to see. It is a newer wreck (purposely sunk) so the coral and growth are still young but there are plenty of fish and the expirence is top notch.
We snorkeled all around the ship and the schools of fish were plentiful. The colors of the fish and the variety more than met our expectations and to be that close to a ship was a lot of fun. We did see a lot of scuba divers who went into the ship. Not for me!
This is a must do if you are in the Grand Caymans for diving. The ship is huge with numerous cutouts that let you enter the interior at various points and without fear of getting lost inside.

Very good dive and nice to be able to go inside a wreck with lots of room would do again for sure. Nice warm water and plenty of time to look around. Pick your times wisely for its very popular dive site and can be congested.
I'm glad that I got to dive the Kittiwake. My husband loves wreck diving me not so much. This was a real treat. There was so much to see on this dive.
This was my first dive on a ship. Pleanty of big cuttouts with lots of light inside. Crystal clear water with great visablility.
Kittiwake is pretty rad. Visibility is excellent. You can swim in and out of the ship safely. The fish who make their home there are colorful. We are glad we made this dive in Grand Cayman.
I've dove around the world and this is a great wreck dive! Fun to move around within the holds and areas. It's big with lots of marine life hanging around. Great visibility. Quick and easy boat access. Go with Dive Tech!

the turtle program was ok just interesting how they breed the turtles for consumption so the wild ones are not harmed. I found it very informative. Beautiful areas very clean.
Are you an animal lover? Love pets? The turtle farm was a fun low key activity. A little over priced. However show proof of your taxi ride with the right company and you'll get in for a significant discount. Fun for all to hold the turtles. You'll learn a little history and breeding of the turtles.


We saw lots of iguanas just walking around we saw gorgeous large turtles and other birds snakes and alligators.
This is one of the places you must visit in the Cayman islands. It was amazing to see how big the turtles can get and to actually hold one. Would recommend one of the places to visit while there.
What a great place to spend 2-3hours. Brilliant trail walk where we saw loads of Iguana and snakes lovely gardens and lots of birdlife. Recommended.
Touring the turtle farm was both educational and fun. The staff all through out the farm are helpful. The baby turtle pool was an unexpected bonus.
We took a bus from Georgetown to the turtle farm. It's well run and very informative. There is a water park side but we didn't opt for that. It only took a 1/2 hour to see it all. We also had a very nice lunch at the on-site bar and grill
This was one of the best excursions we have ever done. My husband and I had a blast and would re visit this place again.


I had a wonderful ride on the beach with Nicki. Her horses are well cared for and well trained. We rode for an hour and 1/2 along a gorgeous beach and then through a quiet wooded area back to the starting location. If you would like a fun safe adventure make a reservation with Nicki.




Great experience for all! Had a wonderful day and Nicki and Tricia are so very nice and accommodating! Buster and Kahlua were the best but I think Kahlua stole the show with his tongue!





Visited this place 2years ago with my husband and 2 of my step kids from England we had a great time especially the kids who were jumping off into the water and really enjoying it getting there is a little bit off the path but its well worth it once there.
Choice of a 10-15ft cliff dive & a 40ft dive which is up the falls a bit... Diving is not necessary as I saw a few people descending the rock ledges. It's incredibly beautiful on a sunny day and hard to forget
It's gorgeous clean and the staff are very friendly what more could you ask for? I recommend trying to go when there is not a cruise ship in harbor and/or going early in the day to avoid the crowds.
We were surprised to learn that the Blue Hole had only been open to the public/tourists for a few years - it is breathtaking and a fun adventure!
A true surreal site nature at it's best. My teens had a blast and it has to be one of the best days we have spent as a family. Ripe swing Cliff dives and much more.



The Blue Hole was awesome. Little known place that you do not feel so crowded. It is down a pretty bad road but worth the trip. The guides were awesome and if you like a little more adventure you can climb to the top and jump your way down. So much fun.

Came with my husband son and daughter thoroughly enjoyed this place.. Met Peters brother and cousin they where warm and welcoming showing various fruits and plants grown.
I wouldn't suggest going here as a destination trip but if you or your driver are traveling by the area.....I would suggest to stop in to give your respects.




The Staff were very welcoming and courteous. They gave me delicious fruits from the trees. A humble place for a great music legend. Don't let the poor environment distract from the spiritual ambience. The property is a work in progress and I'm sure with time it will be on par with Peter's huge status as a superstar.

This place is really cool. You can pay your respects to the late great Tosh and the location is one of the best on the island. Go across the street for the best fish dinner you'll ever eat.


Thank you Dudley for making our trip great as always. The service is always the best and you will never wait for Dudley he is always on time.


Awesome driver. Knows her land and did a great job of getting us around for the day. We felt like family from the minute we met Sasha.








Only had the day in Negril so we walked this beach. It was a great walk swim eatdrink strolling experience.
Once you go you know! Crystal clear water beautiful soft sand locals tourists.... I love it so much.
Most popular beach in Negril. Very busy all the time. Lots of locals trying to sell their wares but still a good time.

Seven mile beach at Sandals Negril is a beautiful beach and kept very clean. Lots of water activities to enjoy. Definitely recommend!!

Gorgeous white sand turquoise water relax swim watch the locals and partake (or not!) of pretty much anything they may be selling! Access to parasailing sunset tours rafting fishing--you name it right off the beach. Restaurants and food shacks everywhere. My favorite was buying a hot steamed lobster for $10 and eating it on my beach chaise!

The Seven Mile Beach is such a wonderful place to be spending your time at everything here is just so amazingly beautiful and indeed breath taking.

Populated with bars and sellers this beach was a bit disappointing in terms of water: it is not the crystal clear you may expect in Caribbean Sea but pretty muddy.

This beach is the best in the world. It's white sands and warm water are incredible. There are bars and restaurants up and down the beach for anyone's taste and pleasures. The sunsets here are magical and so are the people.
This beach is what everyone pictures Jamaica to be. White sands with crystal clear water and drinks in coconut shells. There are a large number of vendors trying to sell massages fruit weed etc.; but a firm no thank you was usually respected. Definitely worth a visit!
Sure it has a long slow entry into the water. It also has too many bars chairs and hawkers selling stuff. Give me the cliffs on the West End or Bloody Bay.
Lovely beach very well looked after recommended for everyone as loungers in the sun & shade water is very clear brilliant for snorkelling
This is a wonderful Beach to walk along with the water so warm and inviting. Great for a "2 a day walk"
Yeah Mon! "We don't have problems just situations" are a few of the things that you will hear while in Jamaica. But I must tell you from my experience that there were absolutely no problems or situations on 7 mile beach! I had an amazing time.
Beautiful! You have to get used to peddlers constantly approaching you to sell things but if you're not interested - just say no thank you ... and they respect that (for the most part).
Beautiful beach and the sunsets are to die for. Just not peaceful people in your face the whole time trying to sell you things. Way too many drugs


We stayed right on the beach at Negril Beach Club Condos  and spent everyday wandering the beautiful beach swimming in a weed free rock free and sea urchin free ocean. Lots of food and beverage options along the length of the beach and we found the vendors less pushy than in other parts of Jamaica
Very clean clear and calm most of the time. I have been to the seven mile beach in grand Cayman but this is much better because it is much more level for walking and it is much clearer.
Great for walking and meeting various characters. A polite 'no thank you' is usually enough if you're not interested in what they happen to be selling. Lots of good food and drink options as you stroll along and check out the great sunsets
Always wonderful..loved spending the day here! Great day at the new zanzi beach where we got chairs umbrellas and great service !
Gorgeous sand. Lifeguard assisted our group in getting lawn chairs. Drinks were available at numerous beach bars for a great price. What ruined it was the never ending incessant vendors who were hawking everything. You could not be left alone for more than 5 min. which wrecked the whole experience.
If you are a beach lover this is perfect for you. The beach is long-long-long the sand is white-yellow-ish very fine. The best part is there is no rough broken shell belt at all. Local people who are trying to make a living by selling you fruits excursions etc. are only polite asking not pesty.

Walking up and down the beach was amazing! You can do a little shopping if you want or just play in the waves. The sand is soft and warm.


Too many peddlers however understandable. Otherwise fantastic experience and loved the bars along the beach.

This beach is very crowded. Forget about taking long walk down the beach because its not going to happen. The sand is very beautiful and white. It's just too crowded to relax. Waves were rough when we were there.
We just got back from staying at Beaches Resort on 7 mile beach. This is one of the best beaches I have experienced. Very clean and not too overcrowded. We didn't walk the whole 7 miles but what we saw we liked.
Spent a few hours on this strip of beach and took in the people watching sights. You really can't intermingle between the sections but you can walk trough the water. Nothing to write home about when snorkeling here. It was just water and sand.
Stopped for a short while due to weather in way to Negril hostel calm-ish waters lots of atmosphere. Beautiful views of coastline
Love Negril beach and the interesting locals the sand water and sunshine is a relief from winter been here 12 times now thank God for his blessings and creating such a beautiful place
i had fun  rented a cabanna by Margaritaville and me and my girls enjoyed ourselfs. the water was fun . the locals are cool



We visited Sandals Negril for the day and very much enjoyed the property and the fact that you can walk along the beach for miles! Beautiful bay. Natural vegetation between properties and public access points sprinkled in between resorts. Worth a visit!
This beach can't be beat. Lots of beautiful sand and many things to see. Shops run by locals. Local food always plentiful.
Seven mile beach Negril is gorgeous. Best sunset! Wow. Ocean was different everyday restaurants all along and friendly hustlers doing their thing ! Love seven mile!!
Seven Mile beach is beautiful but missed the cozy feeling of island tranquility....I preferred Bloody Bay
Beautiful clean beach with clear calm waters. Hard sea bed so nice and easy to walk out. It was nice to walk down the beach and not really being pestered
Great beach. Funny thing is that there was a storm a few days before we arrived (Jan 26- Feb 5). Huge mounds of seaweed. The management of our hotel and I'm sure others were horrified. But being from an Island east Canada we are use to seaweed. Lesson>> can't be shovelled away 😀🌴
Stunning. Perfect. The picture doesn't do it justice. White sand. Shallow water. No undertow. Ignore the salespeople and lay back and relax









Take a walk along the seven mile beach. It's breath taking. Just thinking about it puts a smile on my face.
If your into clear blue beaches with a laid back relaxing atmosphere then this is the spot for you. It's great for couples. Everyone seem carefree and really enjoyed themselves here. Locals may sell you things from time to time. But it didn't take away from the great times me and my husband had. I'll return in the future.
Georgous clear water warm and lovely. Fun to walk and bar hop so many great places. Try the boat bar and tonys . vendors will solicit you but they are All friendly. Just say no thanks and they will fist bump and say respect. We enjoyed talking to many of them. Sunsets are beautiful.

Nothing not to like about!!! Fine powdery white sand crystal clear water. Loads of local busker's all great but not pushy! Local's wandering around trying to sell you their wears just a polite no thank you worked!
Water was blue warm and very relaxing. Unfortunately there are a lot of vendors so tough to avoid them.
Always stay along the Seven Mile Beach. Can't go wrong. Best bars and restaurants clean and you can walk yea 7 miles.
A very nice white sand and blue water beach. It has lots of restaurants on the shore as well you can find captains which can offer you a lot of things to do. There is sun all day and you can snorkel from the beach. We found sea stars and some fishes :)
The seven mile beach is absolutely beautiful! Very relaxed and friendly. Next trip to Jamaica will definitely be to Negril.
This beach is walkable clean with crystal clear water. There are musicians & vendors but they were polite & took no for an answer.


Went to Negril from Ocho Rios. I prefer Ocho Rios because our Resort in my opinion is top notch. Club Hotel Riu We visited the light house on a whim because I am a light house nut. It was very nice and the weather was beautiful.
We had an unexpected surprise when arriving in Negril and found this quaint light house. We had the opportunity to climb the 104 stairs to the top and get an amazing view of the sea side cliffs
wasn't able to go inside but the view from the cliffs are amazing. People actually fish from that high in the air
This is a landmark that doesn't appear to get many visitors. We passed by several times and it didn't appear that it was a terribly popular attraction. Nice views from The Rockhouse.
Worth going there although pretty much run down. We went there to watch the sunset several times. It is only accessable during the day.
My wife and I climbed to the top of the lighthouse not this time but a couple years ago. Great view!!
Experienced the taste of sea/sand grapes and walnuts. Tasty And we had a daredevil that jumped from the cliffs. Lloyd Davis with JAH Lives Taxi and Tours @ 876/392-7231.
We went mid morning and walked around the grounds. A native came and offered to show us around. He was pleasant well spoken and not pushy. He offer to jump the cliffs for us. We declined but he took our photo and we tipped him a few dollars.





The falls are really quite beautiful and the water is so milk with minerals making these falls well worth a visit. The only downside for me was that the staff behaved as if they were doing you a real favour by letting you pay to be there which did take the edge off a little. Quite inhospitable.
What a awesome thing to do. Walking in natural spring water. It was fun and safe however it was a lot of walking to get to the spring water walk. A ton of steps if you are not an active person and don't like to walk DO NOT DO THIS.
Excellent adventure! Ask for either Oral S. or Garfield R. as your tor guide. Beautiful tropical view. The falls are huge but it still gives you a sense of what it feels like to stand under a waterfall. Delicious lunch follows this fun adventure.





We used this company coming and going to the Rock house. So sweet. The drivers were kind and funny. They even stopped at a stores so we could buy beer etc. Vans were very clean!

Rocky's provided great transportation for us. We actually got to ride with Rocky who appears to be quite an ambitious business man planning to but another large van for transporting people. Good luck to your new endeavors.
Great ride to and from airport....won't use anyone else!! Drivers were on time and offered history of the Island as well as made you feel safe as Jamaica is a crazy place to drive lol

Booking with Rocky's was easy and simple. Every detail went as planned and we definitely will use Rocky's again!! Thanks so much!
Have been using Rocky's for three years for airport transportation. Love Wayne. He totally takes care of us. Rocky is also great. Santana is a treasure. Completely reliable.


Use them every trip! Pay in advance online...(No Worries) and they will be there on time with a nice new van and a smiling face. If your not used to Third World style cab rides Relax! Just be glad your not driving and concentrate on the scenery.... They will get you there safely!

If your looking for a ride or tour Thriller is for you. Safe reliable and very friendly. I have been riding with them for close to 30 years. The family is the best. Once you meet them your also family. Very clean shuttle vans and safe drivers. Give them a call you will smile the whole time.

I use thriler tours for transfers to/from the airport for rides to shopping and excursions. They have clean safe busses courteous and knowledgeable drivers and good service.

Have used thriller tours for years. They are trustworthy reliable and know the island. Also they are safe drivers.
Andy of Thriller Tours picked us up at the airport. Right on time! Very safe driver. Took us on personal tours of Negril and area wherever we wanted to go. Reasonable rates. Also used other drivers from the family company. Very reliable. Clean vans.

Taxi is expensive in Jamaica. So try to get a car rental. We rented taxi's for coming to hotel fromthe airport. And we had a txai for two more days. But they are expensive.
Andy was selected by our hotel to transfer us to/from the Airport and around the hotel. Great bloke and very friendly service. Well worth booking!



Our third time using their services. Prompt pick up at the airport return pick up on time. Clean air conditioned cars. No more refreshments though in previous years we were offered water and beer not this year





Very reliable...quickly responded to my e-mail about a flight change and they were there on time to pick my family up...also on time at the hotel to return us to the airport...friendly staff...would use them again without hesitation
Excellent service. In time. Fun. Tour provided on the trip from airport to hotel. Stopped at local store for some jerk chicken as well. Will use Turner Taxi again.
Turner Taxi was a fantastic option for our airport pickup and dropoff. I mixed up the dates and Turner called me and got everything settled the next day. I would not hesitate to use them again if I am in Jamaica.

Six of us went on this excursion with Captain Billy and Riley and had a great time. Stopped to snorkel on the reef and then to the island for lobster and chicken grilled over wood fires. Met a lot of great people from all over the world. Had a blast.


The snorkeling was better than average. The lobster lunch was adequate. A small lobster was about five bites. Spring for the twenty buck one. Honestly I'd go out to the reef a bit away from the rush of the island. It was pleasant but not a huge value.
Glass bottom boats like to take groups here and cook lobster or chicken. This small island is visited by multiple boat loads a day. Might be ok if there was somewhere to sit besides broken picnic tables. Also mound of garbage left by the boat groups. If you go take water shoes as it is very rocky in water
This was a lot of fun and very cool how the lobsters are caught by the locals and grilled up right there for you.
I love hopping a boat ride to the island for lobster or even just to walk around a bit away from all the crowds. But who am I kidding? I always get the lobster when I'm there. :) Tip: negotiate on the price they quote you.
We go to booby cay with Captain Jack every year. We always enjoy that little island.it's even more special for us now as my boyfriend decided to pop the question there last March :)They have fresh lobster and conch that they cook over a wood fire. It is a pretty unique and romantic experience.
My wife and I have gone out to the island and Capt. Moses has fixed us a lobster dinner oven an open pit. Great lunch. We had fun!!
This was such an amazing experience! The guys on the island literally catch the lobster and crabs that morning and cook on the island for you. Its kind of like a Beach/CastAway Feel. You should hire Captain Roger to take you snorkeling at the Reef and then the island for a late lunch!



Gary was great. Second visit and used his taxi both times. Very timely and dependable. Knows areas well and got us to and from safely. Highly recommend.
Had a great time on our first trip to Jamaica. Gary Barbara and Fabian all helped us out and were great tour guides pointing out things to see and good places to eat and visit. We will definitely visit and call them again. Thanks for the memories!
Gary was very nice stopped for refreshments & eats & money exchange and was very knowledgeable about Jamaica. We most definitely will use his services again.
Gary's hospitality went above and beyond to make our trip great! Her made it possible to see things we would not have been able to on a bus.
Gary is the best tour guide! Call him and he is alway there. Very dependable and reasonable. I have used him for many years now. Another great exprience with him.

Gary has safely transported us and our friends for years! He has GREAT ideas for FUN AND NEW places to go to! He is a GREAT DRIVER and a GREAT FRIEND! Thank you Gary for another AWESOME VACATION!😎
Gary is the best! Call him and he there. Very dependable and reasonable. I have used him for 6 years now. Will used him every time.

There are several bars and restaurants at the west end of Negril where you can have a drink or eat dinner and watch the sunset while looking at the expanse of the Caribbean and down at the turquoise waters. I've never experienced anything like it.
The Negril Cliffs is such a nice and wonderful place to be spending your time in so breath taking and indeed beautiful and the locals here are so friendly too.
Great spot! Fun to watch all the divers and sunsets. Enjoyed cold red stripes and live entertainment while we were there.
4 members of my family of 10 jumped the clift at Rick's Cafe. Was an important life experience they said.
definitely worth visiting! sunset dinner at Ricks is also good to do although the food is average so expect the scenery and the cliff jumpers to be better. still worth going to!
A perfect place if you want total privacy and no harassment from over aggressive vendors on the street. I am inclining towards taking my next trip into the cliffs again. There are some great restaurants and very good resorts to be explored there.
While I am not a jumper it was extremely exciting an entertaining to watch the locals as well as the tourist jump. Quite a few backed out but who would blame them? Certainly not I. Watching eating and drinking makes for great relaxation.
Terrific spot. The drive from Montego Bay is a little far but if you have a good driver they will stop for Red Stripe or whatever to make the journey a little more fun! We stayed in the area for a week and love it. Secluded beautiful relaxing.
My preference over sandy beach is cliff top hotels and the deep pools created by the cliff faces the area is full of places to eat good food and has a relaxed atmosphere not too much hassling to buy etc the cliffs and pools are amazing to see with turquoise waters well worth a visit just for the great sunsets!
If you're confident in your swimming abilities and are physically able...jump! There are lifeguards there that watch every jumper all the way into the water. Amazing experience!

We used this company (booked via internet) to meet us at airport on arrival and also to take us back after our holiday. Spot on time both times. Highly recommended. They do independent tours also.




Joe delegated the trip to Kevin a knowledgeable and helpful tour guide who drove us from Negril to our second destination: Ochie. The vehicle was in perfect condition and the fare was $120 which we thought reasonable for a 2 hour journey.
Such great service prompt & on time with great info provided on way to the hotel with nice air con vehicle lovely touch with cold red stripe & diet coke
The staff was on time the car was clean and drinks of our choosing was waiting for us. The price is amazing!! Could not have gone smoother.
We had Joe Cool drive us for a day from MoBay to Dunn's falls and the Blue hole. Great day and felt very safe.



We attended Mass on Sunday at 10 AM. It was a short ride from our hotel on Bloody Bay and well worth the trip. The local children sang before Mass which was wonderful. Father Jim gives an excellent homily. He even blessed us after Mass as it was our honeymoon.

We went to mass at 7p.m. on Christmas eve - 2015 - very comfortable and homey church. There were about 30 people visiting with most being Canadian priest was well spoken and we appreciated his candor. Thank you for being so accepting. Hope the kids liked the candy canes!!

You will feel part of the community! Lots of love in the very small church. Many tourists along with residents. No issues with safety. We had a driver take us and pick us up.
Mass at Mary Gate of Heaven was one of the highlights of our trip to Negril. Fr. Jim's homily was very powerful and eye opening shedding light on some of the hardships and realities of Jamaicans. The parishioners were very warm and inviting One of the most cherished Masses I've been part of. We look forward to visiting again soon.
Best church we have ever attended while on vacation. Everyone was so easy going. Loved the participation by the children.
Mass is held on Sundays 10 am year round and also on Saturdays at 5 pm.during the high season. Visitors are welcomed by the congregation. The parish is very active in serving the local community. Vacation is a great time for giving thanks to the Lord !
The best of our trip this past year was attending mass and watching the children getting up front with instruments and singing. What a way to praise God.


Wonderful day out on the water with Courtney as our Captain! It was very very windy but we did end up catching two tuna's and had a wonderful dinner.
Went fishing with the guys at Stanley's had a great outing had a 40/45 min struggle with a 30/40 lbs mahi/mahi and line snaps at the back of the boat still gray fight and seen the fish several times thanks again guys


Just to add some pictures to my review which Ive left earlier🐟🐟🐟 Thank you again to Stanley crew what an amazing day it was!






Everything went smoothly for our round trip MoBay-Negril ride. Easy booking nice wheels good drivers prompt service and reasonably priced. We will definitely use them again.

Prompt response to my email enquiries. Detailed instructions on finding our driver upon arrival. Very helpful & safe driver. And all this for the best price we found!










Basically guaranteed to see at least 2 hummers up close. We saw three and hand fed 2 including the doctor bird. Loads of other birds species and of course gekkos and other lizards. If you're going to be anywhere near the lighthouse call ahead to Barney and his team for an hour in his lovely garden.


Gorgeous garden was lovely just wondering around. With patience the humming birds will come and drink out of a tiny bottle provided which was a great experience. Saw some beautiful butterflies too. Good activity if looking for something different do to away from the beach.
This is a brilliant place to get close to the very charming and colourful world of the humming birds

Had a lovely hour feeding the wild Hummingbirds Barney showed us round his garden what to do to attract the birds and then left us to 'Get on with it!' Highly Recommended. Thanks Barney!



What a great little treasure private beach great food and drinks and the company!!!! Managed to see Pirate Island too! Fun! Next year a show there!


Beach is fun and different from Negrils Beach. You take a boat to Calico Jacks where they have a bar w music and food nice afternoon. The water was rough going to the island and then it wouldn't start. Like Gilligans Island. All went well in the end.
an acceptional peaceful experience with the best bbq lobster Captain Nimmo was so well organised he even brought the drinks from the boat to the beach and he and his team looked after us for the duration of our stay. - wonderful.
This place is really nice but is expensive to get to and pay for entrance and if you want to eat or go to Calico Jacks it can get very expensive for a couple of hours.
Lovely shaded cove/beach with beach loungers and a hammock. Restaurant/bar and even a lady available for massages if you wanted one. Go early if you can as it's quieter. We decided to leave around lunchtime as a noisy tourist boat arrived!


The location is vin a very good place. It's perfect for a day with the kids or even just a nice adult getway



This water park is one of the most fun and exciting spots in Jamaica. THERE'S NEVER-ENDING FUN.....UNTIL ITS TIME TO LEAVE. The staff quality is excellent food and entertainment is awesome.....I'd go back over and over again!!!!!
The park was somewhat small but great for the kids. There was no lines for the rides. It was a good experience.

Our second visit. This adventure land will drive the kid out of you. Great memories and family time starts here.
Totally made the trip I was on even more memorable! Went on every slide...thought there were more though.... Really loved the atmosphere! Keep it up hoping to return!
My kids had a good time here but there wasn't much there. Some great slides a kiddie pool and a wave pool. I hope they can add more.

This is a lovely bay to stay by and the RIU Negril offers a great spot at the end of the bay to base your holiday.
The Bloody Bay is such a wonderful place to be spending your time in at the nature here is just so amazingly beautiful. Breath taking indeed.
A great walkable beach with crystal clear and calm water. You can pass many resorts and vendors. Safe and secure.
We stayed at the RIU Palace Tropical and it was great. The water was nice the beach was not over crowded.


We stayed at the RIU Palace Tropical Bay on Bloody Bay and the beach at the hotel is hands down the most beautiful beach I have been to in the Caribbean

I found this stretch of beach to be nicer than seven mile it is quieter not so commercialised as other beaches in Jamaica. The water is crystal clear !!
Bloody Bay beats seven mile beach hands down. Less people prettier area local vendors who are a pleasure to deal with. LOVE it here and staying at Sunset at the Palms is awesome.













Looking for a trustworthy dedicated reliable Man for all your transport needs. Look no further Shane is the Man. Top notch service that will keep u coming back for more. Trust me if u travel with him he will go to all expense to insure all your TRIPs are memorable.

Shane drove 7 of us from Negril to YS Falls and the Pelican Bar. Besides taking us to the places we asked for he showed us interesting things along the way. His fun lighthearted personality added to the enjoyment of the day. We had him take us to the airport upon our departure too!










We have had an extremely eventful week in Grand Cayman and this was the perfect way to finish up! Craig and CJ are great too. Cheers guys!

We were in Grand Cayman for 5 days and I cannot imagine our trip without this 4 hour jet ski excursion. We brought our 5 7 and 10 year old kids and took two jet skis and we had an AMAZING time! CJ and Craig are just wonderful! Will be back again as soon as we can! :)
This is the second time we used fat fish. We had a great time. The only thing that we missed this time over the last time was the conversation with the guides. Otherwise great fun. Stingray city on jet skis is the only way to go.

Peter was very helpful and knowledgable about the area. He was flexible with our schedule and made sure we had what we needed.



Astor & Danilo were wonderful! They made sure everyone felt comfortable in the water & on the boat. We all got to hold & take pics with & feed the Rays. Astor was very knowledgeable & entertaining

Astor and Danilo were fabulous tour guides. They had us there ahead of the crowd it was a nice intimate group and they are very conscientious and helpful guides. A fantastic value of a tour!!! They even come pick you up at your hotel!!
Dexter was out of town but Aston treated us to a great day or swimming with the Stingrays snorkeling the Coral Gardens and a smooth sail back in to port! Thank you!


Rented Catamaran for afternoon adventure to see the stingrays snorkel and see starfish. Could not have been more pleased. Had 4 and 7 year olds that loved the stingrays and starfish. Crew was friendly informative and professional. Highly recommend Fantasia Tours





We Captain Kevin and Tristan hosted our group of 8. We had a great time swimming with and feedings the stingrays. They were really friendly. Afterwards we were taken to the reef for a bit of snorkeling. All the equipment was provided. Highly recommended!
Had a great time... Highlight of our cruise.... We were well taken care of all day and really enjoyed this trip we had teenagers and kids as small as 5 they were all comfortable.





Loved it. Only 14 people on our tour. Other tours were very crowded. The captain treats them great so the stingrays showed up as soon as we anchored. They were very friendly and fun to hold. Feeding them was fun. Would recommend it to any age.



These folks have a very professional presentation on the history of the Caymans. After the show you are guided through the home whit is beautifully furnished. The grounds are a loely place to contemplate life on the island in the "good old days!"
A little history lesson before walking the grounds. It's not a very large estate but the rebuilt house is beautiful. I've never seen so much mahogany in one place before.
We loved the guide and his island modesty. He explained the history and reason behind all the features of the house. We had so many questions that he calmly and clearly answered. The gift shop is priced very reasonable and the short movie very well done in an reproduction setting
We really enjoyed our time at Pedro St. James. Wonderful tour and movies about the Cayman Islands and Pedro St James. First class history lesson.

We did this as part of an all day tour around the island. It was interesting but not overly exciting. I would recommend doing this only if you have several days on the island. There are many things to see and do so this should only be done if you have time to spare or are a history buff.
This place is a must go for tourists and residents...it offers some great landscape nature history local traditions. The guided visit was very good clear and extremely informative. I loved the video at the end of the visit. Thx again
An excellent stop to have a closeup look at this segment of Caymanian history. The restoration isongoing but is very impressive up to this point like stepping back into history. There is an informative video to watch which explains much of the history and what you will see. A good stop.



Take a beautiful walk through the forest and blooming gardens see rare blue iguanas colorful parrots herons and many other tropical birds.


It was well worth the $10. If you like plants and a leisurely walk through various themed gardens. Got to rare Blue Iguanas too.


If you are used to more refined and sculptured Botanic Gardens this will disappoint but it was a fun day and interesting to visit. Would recommend to anyone who is new to the island!





Great location to go and visit for the day! The waters are breath taking. The Mudsilde drink is a must try at Rum Point. Happy Happy!
We went to rum point for a few hours during our stay in Cayman Kai. It was a good place to get souvenirs. We walked on the dock and saw quite a few fish. We ate lunch at the wreck bar. It was tasty and good service. We stevatbthevrum point restaurant on a different evening and it was good too.


Great place to stop for a drink and something to eat. There's a rental shop to get what you need to enjoy the water.
So rum point beach is a great location. Peaceful clean and beautiful. It's a beautiful spot to sunbathe eat and do water sports. Great place to visit and a must when in Cayman.


A great place that locals like but not well known to tourists. It's a small beach but lovely & clear. Our running group ended here and it was a fabulous quiet are to relax for part of the afternoon.
Smith Cove is a nice spot to relax. But there will be others there. Shower and bathrooms are a bonus. Nice snorkeling. Great spot for kids. Go on a day with no cruise ships in port. Either way still a fun spot. It's never over crowded.
The beach is great and there are plenty of trees. Beware of the chickens. Too many chickens is the only complaint I have for this beach. There's a restroom and fresh water shower. Best location for sunsets!
Sweet lovely cove with very easy snorkeling for any age. There was a wedding in progress when we were there so a bit crowded. Pretty public beach and gradual easy water entry to swim.
We stopped at numerous roadside beaches to try snorkeling and this was just about the best of those we tried. There is easy access to the water and several rock formations to snorkel around. The only negative is that there are no tables or seating at this park.
This spot offers showers and bathrooms and natural shade. The snorkling is easy but there are not too many varieties of fish to see. A nice place to enjoy an afternoon.



This is a beautiful beach complete with good snorkeling great shade trees and a few picnic tables. Only downfall is it can get pretty crowded and the two water entries are not that big.


Mr. Alan is the unofficial tour guide for this area. He had a lot of history and interesting facts regarding the area. He does this as a volunteer and we tipped him $5 USD. Well worth the stop.
The highway markings for this attraction are not very prominently displayed but we turned around and went back to get some pictures. You don't even have to be there on a super windy day to get some good shots.
Need a car or tour to get here as is bit of a drive from Georgetown. Just a pullout alongside the road but when there are waves rolling in the spray is quite cool to watch.
Our guide Allen gave us a full geophysical history of the island and even took our picture as the spray erupted from the blow hole. A charming way to become acquainted with a Cayman gentleman and the history of the island.
The blow holes are only part of fun. There we met a local man Alan who gave us a tour of the blow holes and showed us many fossils in the coral. He is a look a like for president Obama and will pose in pictures with you if you ask. We recommend tipping him
The day we were there the winds were perfect and the hole was blowing !! Don't make a special trip but it's a neat diversion.


Would I plan a day trip. No. If I was in the area or it was overcast and had time to kill it is a nice little diversion. A little out of the way. You will get some amazing pictures.

Nice hike. We did not do the entire trail due to timing but walked for total time of about 90 minutes. We saw several Cayman green parrots and other birds. Some interesting vegetation and coral deposits. It was the last week in February. There was mud only in a few spots and was easy to get around.

Did not now what to expect was offered a guided tour but we found a North side entrance and just went on our own. A bit of a harder hike than expected and definatly longer than the 2 miles each way as stated but worth it. Seen a lot of wild Parrots. Very peaceful and not crowded at all. Lovely


Bring your hiking boots or a pair of shoes that can be dirtied. Many portions of the trail were muddy and wet. It is an amazing must see nature part of the Island. Free and self guided.


This hike is hard. But totally worth it. Lots of great things to see: wild snakes hermit crabs parrots and other birds. Make sure to go on a cloudy day and bring lots of water. And the trail can get muddy at times. So good hiking boots are a must.


Saw about 15 starfish ... Really beautiful. They are orangish. Try to not take them out of the water as they can die off. Hard to find this place and it's not marked. Our gps took us there though and we guessed as to where the spot was. No bathrooms or anything.

Over the years the number of starfish have decresed because of tourists and tour companies. If a starfish is out of the water for 20 seconds it will die! Its a beautiful place and I'm thankful to have seen it! But please respect the beautiful creatures!
This beach was not easy to find the signage is not visible however when we did eventually find it we were amazed by all the starfish and other beautiful fish we saw in the water including a stingray. Would recommend a visit there.
We went to starfish point ventured past the no trespassing sign. We saw some lizards on the walk in. Once we got there we saw one starfish. There were three tour boats there and people were snorkelling but we saw more starfish on our beach at kaibo Kai than on starfish point. Maybe we just picked an off day.

We had a great time. Lots of starfish. Snorkeling out was fun with the kids. The bigger starfish seem to like the grass. Overall it's a good stop on the island.

You will need a car or tour to get here as it is up past Rum Point on the North side. Other than starfish and calm quiet waters there is not much here. But Rum Point is nearby w/much to do here.
Crystal clear water up to your waist and you can walk out and see one star fish after another. It's as if someone placed them there. Totally enjoyable!!!

Visited Beach Bubbles in Bodden Town during our vacation to the Caymen Islands in July of 2015. Met Nina who was fascinating to talk to and very friendly. Have since ordered two shipments of the soap online and have been thoroughly pleased every time.




Stopped in and checked out the store. The products that beach bubbles has are beyond amazing. I have rosacea and purchased one of her products and it has helped me tremendously. I would highly recommend this shock to anyone.


The owner helped me with natural products to get relief from the mosquito bites. She directed me to a soap and a cream to treat the bites and deter additional bites. These products were made from an indigenous neem plant from off the island. These products were a life saver and made the rest of my trip tolerable.
Owner spent time explaining everything to us but not pushy in any way. Allowed us to switch out some of her two pack items when we couldn't find the exact two items already packaged. Haven't used the soap but a great shopping experience.

This was a great stop on our tour. Our guide took us to the far end of the sandbar and were instantly surrounded by stingrays. We loved feeding and holding them it was so amazing. Our guild was great and kept us away from the big crowds at the other end of the sand bar.
Incredible experience! A must do in Grand Cayman! The stingrays are gentle and come right up when a new boat arrives. The water is shallow & clear.
I was amazed by Romance of the Seas captain and his crew. Very knowledgeable and it was such an adventure. Be careful if you get sea sick since the boat will rock under the waves. And getting on/off the boat can be tricky.

If you go to the Cayman Islands there's nothing better then to feed the Stingrays even hold one. Take the Cayman Island Sailing Charter for a personal once in a life time experience.

This is an awesome experience that you should not miss if you're going to be in Grand Cayman. Please see my review of Moby Dick Tours for a more in-depth review.

One of the best experiences of my life the stingrays are right below you and free in their natural habitat. The 20 min boat ride was great and you can go snorkeling around there too. A must!


What else can be said that hasn't already been said? This is one of the essential trips everyone must do when visiting Grand Cayman These beautiful creatures are so wonderful okay so they get fed but it is a truly wonderful experience. Five stars..!


Take Six Senses Tour for Sting Ray City. It was a great experience and an outstanding day! No place like it anywhere else that I've ever been even in Hawaii. Nothing like it!

One of our favorite experiences during the trip. Water was a little rough would have been better with calm winds. Very cool for whole family.
This is my favorite excursion in Grand Cayman! The stingrays are absolutely gorgeous creatures and very friendly. I plan to go everything I'm there.

A must if visiting Grand Cayman. Feeding and swimming with these beautiful gentle creatures is an adventure and memory you'll cherish. If you want see them without the crowds book a sunrise tour. Worth the early alarm.


Not very impressed with this excursion. Not worth the money. The pictures are overpriced. Although you can take your own pictures if you have a waterproof camera. Wouldn't do this again. I'd rather go snorkeling.
Our tour with Six Senses Eco Tour included a stop here and it was fascinating. Shallow water easy to stand in and easy to feed or touch the sting rays. The Sting Rays were friendly but not aggressive.
If you find yourself on Grand Cayman definitely make the trip out to Stingray City. We went with Moby Dick Tours and were not disappointed. Smaller groups and great owner/leaders.

This was my third time there and really enjoyed this time due to perfect weather with a fairly small crowd. There were no cruise ships in town the day we went.

Good fun for the entire family. Everyone knows about Sting Ray City for good reason. Even for accomplished divers it is worth it.
You have to try it. My review will not do justice to the experience. Standing on the sandbar with 1 foot to 4 foot stingrays eating from your hand is incredible.



The sting rays come right up to you in shallow water and you can feed them. They are very soft to pet. The guides explain a lot about them and it's a really fun time.
fun experience for the entire family....you to old! most visitors are friendly and friendly. over crowded at times. Plan a trip with a reputable tour company.
Really cool to have the stingrays swim around you. Most amazing water I have ever seen/been in. Guide was informative and was cool to hold/kiss the stingray. Only negative is lots of people and interaction very short as you're waiting for other people in your huge group to have a turn.

Great day with a boat tour placed us on a sand bar where all but the smallest children can stand. The sting ray are soft friendly and constantly coming back for more contact. The guide said they felt like portobello mushrooms... They did. We held them the kids kissed them and it was just great!
Tour guides were great. The water was perfect on temperature and clarity. The sting rays were in the area and our guides were able to catch one and show us the ray. They are amazing animals. Changed our opinion of the animal.
Wonderful experience interacting and feeding the sting rays! The crew was awesome as well! Must visit!!! They took time telling about the sting rays and even found a starfish for us to look at.
We had been other places to swim with the stingrays they were fenced in so to speak and were a captive audience but here they were wild and free. It was amazing to see them arrive and swim past come up to you and investigate you as you did them. Worth the money.













This is a tourist attraction that everyone who visits the Cayman Islands should take. I have taken all of my guests to stingray city and they all love it. The stingrays are docile and will eat out of your hand a real treat to both the tourist and the ray
We loved this experience very unique to be with nature in a beautiful environment. Ensure to book with time and ask the company for the best day to go based on weather so that you can enjoy when it's calm (too much wind causes water to be turbulent and limits visibility when snorkeling). Don't miss it!

It's a once in a lifetime experience. Beware however it's a bit overwhelming for small children. The stingrays are quite large and several of the children were scared and had to stay on the boat.


Truly and unforgettable experience! Our guide knew the Rays by name! He found his favourites and brought them over for pictures with us and we all got to feed them squid too! After we went a little further off and enjoyed a bit of snorkeling too :)


Even though there was a lot of wind there were still plenty of stingrays to go around. They came right up to you looking for food or just checking you out. On a calm day I bet it's even better.
Rowan Watersports took us to this beautiful blue spot out in the ocean & it was littered with hundreds of stingrays in all sizes!! Captain Clayburn Allison & Dave were all professional courteous & fun!! We took our 20 & 24 yr old children they loved it!! Highlight of our cruise!!
This was amazing and so much fun!!!!! Would love to do this again if we are ever back on the island. We were able to feed and pet the stingrays. They are quite aggressive when squid is in the water but we were fully prepared and told this before we ever got in the water.
An amazing and unforgettable experience. Feed and swim among stingrays . An unique experience. A sandbar close to the coast full of singrays
what a great trip the water was so clear the men on our boat were so helpful my 2 grandsons were able to hold them - kiss them - and get a back massage and the crew took some great pictures.
Once in a lifetime experience meeting spending time with these rays. Highly recommend Seven Seas tours for your visit.







To enjoy the beautiful sand and turquoise water of 7 mile beach without the crowds and high rise buildings this is a glorious public beach with great snorkeling. There's parking along the road and plenty of shade.
Have been to this quiet off the grid beach to snorkel nearly every time we have been to Cayman on cruises. It has no services but does have shade. Nearby grocery.
There are no toilets or showers but plenty of shade trees and the snorkeling is terrific. About 20 feet off shore there are rocks and coral heads and plenty of fish. When you follow the grasses further out you get ot larger and even more varieties of fish.
As all beaches on 7 mile this was easy to get to and a very quiet little area with plenty of shade and sun for your personal preference. Great snorkeling and swimming. There are no facilities or eateries close by....just beach and beautiful water. A nice getaway from any crowds.
Extremely secluded and private with beautiful white sand calm waters and amazing areas to snorkel. Would 100% recommend going to this beach and the public buses are only $2 for any trip anywhere

Have snorkeled Cemetery reef many times - very accessible and very nice snorkel spot on seven mile beach - always something new to see ...
Quieter beach with beautiful snorkeling. Coral is dead at shore but if you swim out coral is beautiful and there are lots of fish to see.

We went to have lunch and go to the pandora store. We found it hard to find the mall from 7 mile and no stores to go into. We ate at the waterfront urban cafe which was good. Got our stuff st pandora and left.
Shopping eating people watching... what could be better. Had to bring my 22 daughter back to reality after seeing this she wants to move here. I don't think being a teacher here would pay enough to live there. She should of got her degree in business!!!
We spent a couple hours here for a local farmers market and went up in the observation tower for pics. Nice shops clean and places to eat with plenty of services.
We were able to walk here from the Comfort Suites on 7 Mile Beach. It is an eclectic collection of new buildings with retail on the street level and housing above. There are a wide variety of shoppes and eateries all beautifully laid out and landscaped. Don't miss seeing the future of Cayman.
This is basically a city within a city. A beautiful area full of shops residences restaurants and attractions. There is ongoing construction in the area but it on the opposite side of most of the site seeing.
We stopped at Camana Bay for a quick shopping trip. There were some nice stores and restaurants and the setting is very beautiful.
Great day trip from East End for a relaxing stroll some window shopping/retail therapy and great selection of restaurants (Ortanique was fantastic). DO NOT MISS THE OBSERVATORY. The mosaic walls are an outstanding work of art and the views are quite beautiful once you reach the top.
Camana Bay is a lifestyle center. Live work play. It offers excellent shopping a large cinema vast array of restaurants and a view of the bay. Several of the restaurants are child friendly.
Fairly newly built with shops and cinema resturants...this is a great place to people watch or stop and have a bite to eat...
We walked here from our condo for the weekly farmers market. And a weekly kids book reading in the movie theater. Both were great. There is a fountain area that kids can play in and our grand daughter had a good time playing. Several good restaurants and an ice cream store. A good break from the beach.


We rented chairs here to spend the day on the beach. The service was great. We had the best Calamari. The beach was wonderful. It was great to have access to restrooms. Loved the place. Would come here again.



I've been to palms a few times and love it. The weekdays are always busier with the cruises making stops so late afternoons and weekends are a bit more quiet but there's always something going on at palms. The food is delicious mixed drinks smoothies etc are also very good. Fun staff nice pool good music beautiful beach!

Excellent food and cocktails at the beachside bar. The mahi sandwich is fresh and spicy. The mojito and margaritas are especially refreshing. The service is excellent but there is no rush. You can enjoy an afternoon of people watching.




This is the second time we have booked with Moby Dick. Their boat is large enough to be comfortable but small enough that you are not with a group of 100 people. We saw other boats that were jam packed with people. Moby Dick Operators are awesome! They make sure you have a safe fun experience. HIGHLY RECOMMEND.

Moby Dick tours offered a Sting Ray City excursion for a great price. They offered great service warned us about potential weather problems and provided a fun afternoon.


This had to be the best day of our 2 week cruise. Being able to hold and feed Stingrays was amazing.






On a recent cruise I visited the Cayman Islands Brewery. It was a very hot day and the beer certainly tasted good. The staff was friendly and informative. I would recommend this tour if you are ever in Georgetown. A fun time.
Fun tour of the brewery with explanations of the brewing process. Followed by sampling of their regular and craft brews. Enjoyable for beer lovers.

Seantel was a great host and tour guide. We spent a couple hours just hanging out after every one else left. Good beer fun place.
Huge huge thanks to the guys here. Absolutely great tour. Very informative. Good fun and just great to see how behind the scenes work.


We had a day to visit Grand Cayman so chose the Cayman brewery. It was a cool small brewery which had a unique feel. The choice of beers was good and it was great to have a taste of a fresh can of White Shark Tip.

I expect that this landmark is overlooked by many visitors to Grand Cayman but it is well worth spending an hour or so learning the history of this group of islands. Who knew that turtle hunting was once a major occupation on Cayman?
This museum helped us understand the history of the Cayman Islands. The displays featured information about original settlers and historic events. There were several interactive exhibits which we found interesting. It is maintained very well and is located on the waterfront in Georgetown. Visiting will help you appreciate the Cayman Islands and their residents.
This museum has good open hours of operation. Not a whole lot to this place. A great location not far from the cruise port.

This is in a great location  on the harbour looks freshly decorated and very interesting <thankyou !

The National Museum on the waterfront has an interestingcollection of exhibits of the natural and cultural history of the islands. Housed in a 150 year old former courthouse jail and post office this is a good place to start on a visit to the town from a cruise.
Either the history of the Cayman Islands is dull or the museum lacks displays on the more interesting aspects of it....one would think there has been much drama here between slavery and the decision to stay with the Kingdom in 1969....no deep dive on either issue is on display here. You can see entire thing in under 40 minutes.




Thanks for the great time and great Wahu catch Captain John & Cody! Best part of our trip. There is a reason why the Ritz and John Deere recommended this charter group.
My husband and father caught several fish on their beautiful boat! We also went snorkeling and to sting ray city. Beautiful boat and very attentive nice captain! I will definitely use Slackem again. Thank you so much for such a wonderful experience!






Four families on senior trip for four high school boys. Combined snorkeling lunch sting rays and fishing. Great experience with Jon and Cody. Great operation highly recommended.


They take you to different places and sightseeing and the beach! I cant wait to go back again. its worth it


We were on a cruise and decided to take an excursion swimming with the sting rays. What an amazing experience! Bert was absolutely the best!!!!!!!!!!! We will be back soon and hope to do the same thing with this company!




The guides were very professional. We did the Sting Ray city excursion. LOVED IT! Will do it again on our next cruise.

Stopped by on the way to the airport because of a friend who enjoys vacation shopping and saw it in a magazine. This tiny place is jam-packed with goodies. I spent less than $100 and got some beautiful prints and other souvenirs. Beautiful original art is available. There are items in a wide range of prices for all budgets.

This shop is great for buying anything.. Jewelry  art clothing and home décor...It's a must see if your in town.
A must see place if you want to buy something local as a gift or souvenir. You may find great local art pieces to hang on your wall back home. Bring a little Cayman back with you.


Lady behind the counter was a little weird and made strange comments but the store offers good local nicknacks. Cute ornaments too!!
We go to this art store every visit to grand Cayman. Best art and gifts on the islands. Love this place!
Loved the local jewelry selection....pretty extensive. Painted wood bowls painted linens candles and shell items also very nice. Crowded aisles made it difficult to move around so left sooner than I would have liked. Check out was slow and inefficient. Need better process.
Very nice art and everything Cayman. Good prices with friendly staff. Has everything you need or want to take home from your trip to the Grand Cayman.




Moses was an amazing host! He provided us with great service. The tour of the distillery was very interesting and worth your time! A trip here is a must!
Had a fun tour and a lot of fun with Moises. Great tour guide and courteous. The Seven Fathoms Rum and Coconut Rum was fantastic. Would highly recommend if on the island.



We were treated like family. Tour was informative and interesting. Unlimited samples and the rum was delicious! I highly recommend making a stop at the distillery!!!!!
I didn't have time to do the full tour or a tasting but a friend brought me here and recommended that I buy some rum. Very glad I did. Seven Fathoms Rum is exceptional.


Marzeta was a fabulous tour guide. She is knowledgable personable and very efficient. We ate in five different places tasting a wide variety of foods and as we walked along the way Marzeta gave us interesting cultural and historical background information and answered all our questions. I highly recommend this tour.

We are not beach going people so were looking for something to do that did not include a beach. This tour was exactly what we were looking for. Our tour guide Marzeta was wonderful and the food was varied and really flavorful. I'm glad to say my wife and I can both recommend this tour without hesitation.




My family of 22 went on this tour. Not only was the food delicious but the guides were knowledgeable funny patient informative! It was so much more entertaining and interesting than I really thought it would be. Cannot recommend it enough!


good people and lots of choices pricing was very good. checked weight of diamond when I got back home and it was correct. good to know we were dealing with honest people.
Great quality jewelry service prices and most of all no pressure. Purchased my Wife a beautiful emerald and diamond bracelet and she loves it. The staff was very nice. I had a chance to meet Rocky and had a few laughs with him. Thank You again. Roch L

We are a repeat customer from Ohio and very satisfied with our experience at Rockys. We would recommend this business to family and friends .
We visited Rocky's Diamonds Cayman Island during a cruise and it seemed like a decent and serious business. We also bought a stone and so far we are not disappointed. Hope to come back later and make other business with Rocky's Diamonds.
They have a great assortment of jewelry and vey helpful with selecting the right piece for your price.
I Love my Tanzanite Ring. Just waiting to get it adjusted smaller as my finger was swollen when in the Caribbean.

The tanzanite and white sapphire bracelet I bought had excellent color and clarity. The price was very competitive and the service was excellent.




My husband and teen daughter always dive with Living the Dream! Best team best boats best dives on Cayman! Going on 5 years of diving with Living the Dream over 20+ dives and they always offer a great experience. Love the safety knowledge and fun that they provide for my divers!

Ltd divers is the first of several operators I dove with on grand Cayman. Resort price for premium service and great people. Would dive with them all week if they had availability.








Had a great time even though I get sea sick. They took care of the equipment and were friendly and knowledgeable
Went out with Ollie Bradley and Heather. Bradley picked us up and dropped my wife and I back at the cruise ship pier after the dive arranged the dive trip myself and after talking to fellow cruise passengers we paid less and had a better time than those who booked it through the cruise line
Picked this crew on a friends recommendation. Great crew. Full service. Had really special swim through hung out with friendly sharks and the Kittywake was awesome. Mostly great dive masters. Would have liked a little more attention when I got narked at 105 ft. But overall this is a great dive company.


We did some diving with the Cayman Turtle Divers crew last week and were very happy with the experience. The team was friendly and knowledgeable but Bradley needs a new wetsuit to keep from shivering! Hope to see you again soon!










My wife and I had a wonderful time. The guide was very friendly and informative. We spent time at four different locations. For a comprehensive full day (6 hours) at a good price Cayman Six Senses can't be beat. Don't fall for the imposter try to copy the program they developed. Go with caymansixsenses.com.
The highlight of the trip for us and the kids. An excellent tour that was not crowded and beat the crowds (which did not take long to build up). I would recommend using them and doing the early tour if you want to avoid crowds and get on the water early.
Donnovan from South Africa was out tour guide today. He picked us up at the assigned time and location. We went February 22 2016. Beautiful day lots of wonderful information. Seeing the stingrays was an amazing experience and he helped with photos and helping us hold the Rays. Would highly recommend this tour.

What do you think of when you think Cayman beaches. "Seven Mile Beach" You at least have to say you've been there. It's very commercialized. But there our places that are a little secluded you just have to find them.
Wonderful beachstaff so helpful.In fact greatest guy Joey even tad our chairs and towels set out for us each day.Guys are fantasticso friendly.
This was a day trip very easy to get to from the cruise ship. The water and sand is amazing. Pliantly of area to stretch out and enjoy the beach and watch people.
I liked the famous seven mile beach but there are so many hotels that have claimed parts of the beach that people tend to congregate around the same areas and it can get very crowdy.
We first stumbled upon Seven Mile Beach while looking for a grocery store. We parked along the street in front of the Marriott Hotel and walked in from the public access trail. The beach was amazing and very well maintained.
Stunning sand stunning turquoise sea stunning views and wonderful safe swimming a must see and must be one of the best beaches in the world.
Truely "The Caribbean's Best Beach" and the food was perfect. From the time you arrive you are greeted with warmth and a smile. The people are the best part of Grand Cayman.
Beautiful white sand beach and turquoise waters. The beach was not crowded during our December visit. You can walk the entire beach if you like. Nothing more to say. It's a great beach.

The beach boasts lovely sand and beautiful clear blue seas typical of the Caribbean. We walked the length of the beach and it really is a very long way! There are lots of water sports available if you wish to take part or lots of places you can hire sunbeds to sit back relax and take in the beautiful scenery.


We had a great trip with captain mario and his crew. It was a amazing experience we can highlight recommend acquarius sea tours!









This is a public beach in front of the Governor's mansion. Nice sand beach with a parking area for cars. Centrally located on 7 Mile Beach.
This is a beautiful peaceful quiet beach that has not been spoiled by a "beach club" or resort. If you just want to relax without worrying about people selling you things this is your beach.
We stayed at the Westin which is next door to Governor's Beach. You can rent snorkel equipment from the hotel or bring your own. No need to take a boat out to snorkel as the fish and coral are wonderful on the reefs in front of the beach.
Nice clean sandy public beach with lots of sand and the day i was there very little people.. the Governor came out and asked us in for drinks.....not really...... good spot..
If you're staying off Seven Mile then this is a great place to park and play Otherwise it's a spot along your daily walks not a place to stop in particular Couldn't find fish or coral when snorkeling
This is our favourite beach - nice sand easy access into the water usually not crowded adequate parking in the shade and easy to get to along West Bay Road.
This is on the famous seven mile beach. There is parking toilet facilities and great sand. The water is warm and beautiful. If you are looking for a free beach this is a place to go. It is right next to the Weston if you want to buy food. there is a shopping center right across the street
This beach is just lovely beautiful so relaxing pleasant and enjoyable. The setting the views water color peacefulness it's just serene. You can easily just spend the day there and feel so refreshed. Great place for sunset too.
We visit a dozen different beaches around the island and we always seem to end up at Governor's at the end of the day. Nice mix of locals and visitors and great for beach walking and people watching!
I simply love Governor's beach. Some many wonderful memories. I go there every now and then to eat and watch the sunset. One of my favorite places in Grand Cayman






I would highly recommend this trip for a large group of friends.....the crew of the ship was excellent and the trip delivers as exactly as promised. Great interaction with the stingrays! Good for families or adult groups.
There are several companies that will take you out to stingray city Anyone with a boat can go there. It's best with a guide unless you know exactly how to handle the stingrays. Try to go when the cruise ships aren't in.
What a wonderful way to spend a couple of hours in the beautiful warm waters of the Grand Cayman Island. It is awesome to interact with these gentle creatures of the sea and the memories will stay with you for a lifetime.
this is a must do adventure never seen anything like it had a great time. we went with ambassador divers would highly recommend going with them also!



I Did the discover diving the last trip and got certified this trip. The World below is just beautiful. I Highly recommend it. You won't be disappointed.
Casey at Neptune's Diving was wonderful to deal with. She's incredibly patient and her people are experienced friendly and knowledgeable. Would definitely recommend them.

We did our Cayman diving with these guys while on a cruise ship. They were prompt and accommodating. We dove the USS Kittiwake and No Name Reef. The ship was fun to explore with plenty of easily swim-throughs. We would definitely return to dive with these guys (and girls) during another visit to Cayman.
Lots of dive shops. Smaller operators have smaller number of divers. We picked a PADI shop - last day there we were only two divers on the boat.

Diving is wonderful. West Wall has the calmest seas in the world! Sea Turtles Moray Eels and lots of fish to see.





Thank for the greatest experience ever! Captain Chris was so knowledgeable and feeding the stingrays is not to be missed. It was WELL worth the money spent. The snorkel spot he brings you to after is just as amazing. Personally I think having the right captain makes a big difference. Captain Chris made the experience even more amazing.


My family has stayed on 7 Mile Beach for many years and started doing weekly rentals with White Sand Water Sports a few years ago. They have always accommodated us and given fantastic customer service- and great rates for weekly rentals. Highly recommend!

We took the sunrise trip to stingray city it was the highlight of our trip! Captan Chris was fantastic!!!! He even held the stingrays so we could feed them or get that kiss for good luck!! Use them for your trip out there. Simply awesome!!




Great photo opportunities with giant concrete creatures. Worth the quick pull off the road to admire.
We have been to Davinoff's many times and watched David create. This year we got to see his new fabulous octopus Spectre. Our grown kids loved it and so did we. It was so great for photos.
What a wonderful spot. The owners are the best to share their sculptures with everyone! There are very few things in the Caymens that are free but this is one of them. Don't hesitate to stop for a photo opp.
Such an interesting place. We stopped in to check out the sculptures. The owner David an his wife came out to say hello and talk about each of the huge sculptures. Such nice people! It's fun and free and a great photo op.

A great stop for a unique experience. David and his wife are very hospitable and will take time to give a personal tour. Guarantee you will never see anything like this anywhere!
Stopped by after visiting Queens Monument beach. Doesn't take but 15 minutes to see and its fun. Kids would love it. Oversized and cleverly done there is a giant crocodilescorpion mermaidiguana and others. Probably not worth a separate trip but if you are heading by car to Rum Point it's worth the diversion.

Really a cool thing to go and see. A lot of people who live here don't even know it's there. Kids love it as well as adults. Great photo ops!


A short drive past El Limon this secluded beach is really a haven for privacy great surf and swimming and a lovely day with friends family or a romantic getaway.
Stunning clean and safe. The beach only a few people enjoying the day it was almost as though we had the beach to ourselves!

One of our favorite beaches in the Las Terranas area. Beautiful quiet beach lovely white sand clear water great for swimming snorkelling and walking
A beach to die for  hidden away from the masses we were often the only people on the beach ! Take a picnic and drinks  no restuarant or cafe  but what the heck a fantastic beach  one of the best .

I'm Dominican and I can assure that this is one of the best beaches I've ever been in my country. There is not much words to describe how wonderful and magic is this place with nobody around just relaxing and enjoying the nature.




Bonita is lovely stretch of beach in the Las Terrenas area where there are options for eating and drinking as well as hours of family fun in the sun and clear waters.

There's a eatery there we had the the best fish there! loved it warm quiet beach a river goes i the water.
This beach is beautiful. White sands between your toes and listening to the surf is the way to go! Some surfers but other than that quiet and safe.
Lovely walking along this beach a few good places to eat along here. used a local motorconcho taxi (motorbike) to get here from Las Terrenas.

Probably our favorite beach for proximity and natural setting recently improved with an interlock brick road unfortunately already ravaged by the receding beach and even more aggressive waves. Lovely restaurants and surfing with Carolina plus a small tranquil nearby be beach and a large and distinctive rock make this place a must see.
Excellent beach for walking and swimming. Close to everything. Some good restaurants near by. Friendly people all around
What a beautiful beach! Great place to spend the day playing in the waves! A few places to have lunch. But no beach chairs to rent.

We walked from this beach towards Playa Coson it was rather quiet and this was just perfect for us. The beach is not very wide as in there is not that much space to keep dry from the sea so I wouldn't spend my time on one place for long.
Beach was average at best. Limited places to eat. And horrible service. The bartender and waitress ignored us for 10 mins and sparse customer base. Was not a very vibrant place to spend an afternoon. Even if you are looking for a quiet beach there are so many more beautiful beaches. Try El Portillo or Playa Poppy

This is the most beautiful beach I have ever seen. I would absolutely recommend travelers to go there for nice relax ;)
This little beach is a hidden gem! Great for families. Lots of small hotels and restaurants close to the beach.
Beautiful beach not very wide but almost empty even on holidays. Has enough little nooks to give some privacy. Seems to be popular with locals.
Playa Bonita & Playa Coson which are right next to each other gorgeous beautiful beaches that stretch on forever. There is a luxury hotel on Bonita but not much development other than that.

We visited Playa Bonita as it was suggested to us we need to see. Its a beautiful beach and the area is beautiful. It is a little out of the way though.
Safe beach for families bar and restaurant  reasonable prices. Enjoyed a fantastic afternoon here with our friends

Loved our two horseback trails..one on the beach  and the other around the ranch. Thomas a very good host . My two girls still talking about Elvis and Caramel ! Brilliant and suitable for beginners and experienced riders.
Amazing! The tour on way there was great the guide was very knowledgeable. Safe and loved every minute! Only down was there was a lot of tours turning up in one go. But didn't distract from the beauty of the country!
The ranch is situated in the mountains on our way to Las Terrenas from Sanchez. We had a 45 min. ride in the back mountains and it was very nice.
A long walk in the mountains; some days later a ride on the long beaches. I liked the helpful guides and the horses which all were in a good shape - and: they care for them.








New road in perfect condition with beautiful scenery. Tolls around 12 USD. Travelling time fo Las Terranes from airport t AZS is 20 min. Taxi (we got a 7 seats van) costs 80$ (tolls included in the price)


They have to pay for it. About 12 US. There is a mirador. And a cave you can't stop to see The road from Playa Bonita to Puerto Plata is in very bad shape they need a new road.
I live in Canada and wish I had roads this fantastic. We drove from Cabarete to Las Terrenas. Was not prepared for the cost! The view was great. Make sure to stop and take photos... after all you are paying for them.
The road is well maintained and traffic is not existent the views on the ocean are good. Ignore garbage along the road...
This is one of the most expensive toll road in the Dominican Republic (US 11). I prefer to pay it and have a safe and nice ride than take the mountain road from Sanchez.
The new toll from Santo Domingo to Samana is great! It cuts the travel time between the two locations to about 2.5 hours -- a huge improvement. The Caribe Tours buses that run this route are top notch and I enjoyed the views of the rice paddies hills and western end of the Bay of Samana.
First time on this new road . It's a great piece of road from the airport to Las Terrenas and has fantastic views of the coast but keep your eyes on this bendy and hilly road . Tolled near the airport and gets more costly each year . A great addition to this holiday coast line .

There were like 3-4 slots a few gambling tables and people smoking that we couldn't breathe.. Left there in 15 minutes.
Typical smal dominican casino slots are basic and table games equivalent to US casinos 20yrs ago. Rules are a bit different here so make sure you understand them prior to playing. Live poker table and on weekends locals play decent games. A bit out of town about 10 mins from Las terrenas center.

Small casino located about 5 minutes from the center of Las Terrenas. Offers table games and slot machines. Small bar right when you walk in the door.









Great for swimming and lined with bars and restaurants. Free sun loungers on the beach. Good eateries. Vendor may come by with coco frio or oysters. Good places to stay near this beach.
great beach for any age with lots of rental chairs but don't let them charge you more than 100 pesos! and at some bars if you get a drink the chair is free. Be careful of changing prices at some bars!
This is a beautiful beach but the traffic on the road in Las Terranes is so constant that the noise and pollution ruin it. Go to Las Ballenas or further afield and lets hope Las Terranes takes steps to calm the traffic as it verges on ruining the town.

This beach is perfect because it's secluded yet at walking distance from the main touristic spots. This is perfect to enjoy some alone time with nature at its finest.
Nice beach - pretty clean. Does have a few rocky spots - need to stick to the central part of the beach to avoid rocks. Windier and more waves on one side of the beach.
The beach has changed since my last review. A lot more beach bars and restaurants and the lounge rental has been pushed up to the point. Not such a nice place to hang out anymore.
A lovely stretch of beach right in the heart of the very genuine town of Las Terrenas. There are many beach bars and if you buy a drink or food you can use their lounge chairs at your leisure. It is a great spot~~

the beach is very nice not rough waves water is calm there are many nice small hotels in the beach to stay on a budget
Playa Las Ballenas is the beach to have a nice swim. It has the most quiet water in Las Terrenas and one of the few places where you could do snorkeling. At the same time you have different restaurants and bars directly on the beach as well as the sailing club there. Definitely to be recommended with young children.
One of the quietest and calmest beaches within walking distance from town with plenty of little restaurants and bars but also fishermen and pristine waters. Perfect for running yoga or just relaxing. Ending the day at this beach is unforgettable.
Just sit back and look at that unbelievable water. If you have children you cannot find a better spot to enjoy.
Beautiful Beach and views.. Great Beach shack for lunch the fried calamaris was delicious & the fresh passion fruit juice soooh refreshing
Great beach beside a nice quiet road water is less likely to be wavy here compared to some of the others.


Beautiful beach in Las Terrenas where I spent very nice time full of relax :-) You can walk there or just relax :-)
Endless white sand with very few people Clean and easily accessible from the road. Often windy but not too many waves

Was here at the all inclusive. Beautiful beach and great place for a swim. Nice spot for a long walk or run.
Surrounded by mangroves and with long beaches and shallow waters it is a very relaxing walk but not ideal for swimming ue to the often present algae. You will often see kite surfers doing their acrobatics between this beach and punta pop.
We stayed at Balcones deal Atlantico. The beaches in this area are spectacular but Playa El Portillo was breath taking. You can walk forever and it's very safe.
I tought I was in paradise. We could walk for kilometers it was so nice. We could do snorkling it was really beautiful. A place to go back for sure.
We walked the beach everyday and fed the beach dogs they are so sweet!!! We brought down dog cookies and also fed them sausages. The beach is picture postcard perfect
Beautiful white sand beach and not a lot of locals to bothered us while we were there. Some friendly private securities with their dogs come by say hi. We saw a couple doing house back riding at the beach totally cool. I wish I know where to one for that. So much to do so little time.
wonderful holiday in Samana resort was great beautiful grounds and beach blue clear waters hard packed beach could walk forever great staff would return for sure
Beautiful sandy beach. We can easily walk for 1 or 2 kilometers. Coconut trees all along. Way better than the las terrenas beach. the only bad thing is the all inclusive hotel in the middle....
I've been to many beaches and this is the best in the world. Nothing more to say best of the best. Just go


Been coming to this beach for 30+ years and it is as amazing as the first time. Clear blue waters. Sometimes some waves fun for the children to roll in them. Deep waters. Great for jetskiing and maybe a nice scuba.
You can rent chairs and umbrellas. Outdoor market right behind the trees. Worth to check out if you are in the area
Okay beach but has way too many pestering money begging vendors. Will never go back. Go to Playa Alicia instead. At least there you will be left alone and there is a great outdoor restaurant overlooking the beach.
We are often asked why we only go to Sosua for vacation. This beach is the answer. We would hate to go somewhere else and be disappointed in the location. In Sosua we know what to expect and are never disappointed!
Avoid the weekends as it gets crowded with noisy locals who have no concept about disturbing other beach goers with loud music not everyone's taste. Two rented loungers and umbrella cost 450 pesos compared to Cabarete @ 300 pesos. Food is a rip off. We were charged 450 pesos for a plate of fries. Bathing and snorkeling is great.



Visited three times in the week so we could go out fishing. When we went out fishing the morning view was absolutely stunning. A lot of people were swimming at the beach and snorkeling


This is an amazing experience run and organised by an amazing couple whose love of the ocean is spell binding ! Plankton glows in the sea and should be known as one of the wonders of the world ! Everyone who goes on this  is in ore and wonder......you wont be disappointed .


Small groups can kayak to a secluded bay near Rum Point. Limited to new moon or moonless nights in order to best see the bio-luminescence. INCREDIBLE natural event. Highest recommendation our tour leader Marleen was instructive and fun!

The bio luminescent tour was one of the highlights of our trip to the island!! Friendly staff... Well organized...


































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































